Who are you?
U-Uh...
My name is Sasaki.
Yeah? Sasaki-san?
You're trespassing. I'm reporting you.
P-Please wait one moment!
I'm a friend of Tayama-san's!
She invited me to smoke here when I was
walking around looking for a smoking area.
I've been taking her up
on her offer ever since...
puff
Eek!
Who the heck is "Tayama"?
Wait, now that I look at him,
he's that gaffer who always lines up
at Yamada's register with a smile.
Pet Dog
Beth
I recognize him because he resembles
my family dog, but...
"Tayama"?
Don't you mean Yamada?
Wh-Why would you bring Yamada-san up?
No, I mean Tayama-san!
The responsible girl
wearing that cool, flashy jacket.
She says she and Yamada-san
are good friends.
Oh, I see. This guy's getting played.
So, you're here to smoke with Ya...
Tayama again?
Oh, no. I just had something to give her.
A gift?
Is she making you simp for her?
It's a token of my appreciation!
Uh-huh...
Tayama should be clocking out soon.
Do you want me to go get her?
Oh, no, don't bother!
I just figured I could
hand it over if she was here.
Sorry, could you pass this
on to her for me?
That should clear things up.
I apologize for interrupting you
during your break.
He really does resemble my family dog.
Beth...
Manager.
If you were going to smoke,
you should've invited me.
You're getting a talking-to, Yamada.
Wait, why?
You've been smoking here with
a customer without permission.
I would never.
Pull the other one, Yamada!
Don't try to lie your way out of this.
Sasaki-kun told me about it.
Wait, he was here?
He just left.
Sheesh. I nearly called the cops
on him for trespassing.
He said this was for "Tayama-san."
Called it a token of his appreciation.
You're this Tayama, right?
Tayama and Yamada, though?
Talk about half-assed.
He's probably the only one that'd fool.
You'd better not mess with that
good-natured gaffer too much.
Hey! Are you listening to me, Yamada...
I told him it was no biggie...
Oho, I get what's going on here.
Boss Gauge
Hint of Romance
Ethics
It's the perfect entertainment
for these monotonous night shifts.
I'll let them be for a bit.
I ended up making myself
scarce last night.
I hope Tayama-san didn't get
chewed out because of me.
Don't bring a gaffer in here!
I'm sorry for bringing a gaffer in here.
I'm confiscating this gift!
Please, have mercy!
No more smoking!
How heartless!
Melons that
you cut for me?
I'd eat them every day!
badump
I didn't think the web of melons
would come into play here.
I can't wait for the next volume.
Return to Library
Search Store
Share
Catch Me at the Melon Farm 4
Okay, what do I read next?
Return to Library
Library
Catch Me at
the Melon Farm
Nishizono Hanako
What's up, Yamada?
Heya.
Aren't you only on
for the night shift today?
Chief Maezono seemed to be having
a hard time filling shifts,
so I showed up anyway.
You'd better have clocked in.
I did. I totally did.
Okay, good. Attagirl.
Heck, boss. You really stopped
smoking cigarettes, huh?
Hmm?
Oh, you have way more rights with these.
And I can't be bothered
brushing and using deodorizers.
You're the one who taught me to, though.
Okay, so what're you beating
around the bush for?
If you've got a question,
spit it out already.
Yamad'oh
It's just, you haven't told me
if the smoking is okay yet.
What? Oh, you mean the deal
with the gaffer.
Maybe you didn't call the cops
but just disposed of him instead.
You didn't bury him
behind the store, did you?
Where do you wanna be shot?
What'll it be?
A-Anywhere but the lungs, please!
Like heck I did!
It went in one of your ears
and out the other,
but I said "don't mess with him too much."
In other words, just keep it low-key.
I'm willing to overlook it because it
won't affect anybody's work at that hour.
If I think it's gone past low-key,
I'll put a stop to it.
But otherwise, it's fine.
There you have it.
Lucky me!
Hey, Yamada.
You'd better tell me ASAP
if anything happens.
Okay, but what do you mean by anything?
Isn't that obvious?
Anything that gets
the heart racing, of course.
Okay. Be seeing ya.
Maybe I should go in and apologize.
All I wanted was to show my appreciation.
Why'd I have to go and cause
problems for her instead?
Hey, trespasser.
Whoa! Please forgive me!
Wait, Tayama-san?
What are you sneaking
around for, Sasaki-san?
I ran into another employee here
the other night.
Did you get in trouble because of me?
Oh, that was the manager.
The... The manager?!
It was fine. Anyway, come on over here.
Wait, what?
D-Did your manager say
I was allowed to smoke here?
She said to keep it low-key,
so it's all good.
Low-key?
Is that okay or not?
Also, Sasaki-san.
This is really cute.
I figured you didn't want reimbursement,
but I did want to give my thanks.
I'm glad you like it.
I do.
Looking at this thing makes me smile.
Does it, now?
Because I can picture you
picking it out at the store.
Wait, why would that make you smile?
I mean, it can't have been
easy to find this thing.
They don't sell a lot of
cute ashtrays like it.
I can imagine you had to ask people
where they were selling these,
and because the trinket sections
are always full of women,
you would've felt all awkward as you
stood there picking a good one out.
Tayama-san, you really can
read minds, can't you?
Anyway, picturing all that
puts a smile on my face.
Are you sure you don't just see
this geezer as entertainment?
What? I don't. It genuinely
makes me feel better.
I can never tell if she's
being serious or not.
Thanks.
I'll cherish it.
I guess it's fine either way.
Hey, Sasaki-san.
You should probably ash that.
Oh, you're right.
Go ahead and use this.
Sure is handy, huh? Thanks...
Th-That's kind of close.
We don't want you getting a burn.
So here.
Come on.
U-Uh...
C-Can you just hand it to me?
Okay, go ahead and take it.
What...
A bit more. Almost there.
Tayama-san...
Why are you moving it away?
Oh, sorry about that.
Sasaki-san, you've got some long arms.
Give it to me, Tayama-san.
Before my arm gives out.
Ow... Ouch!
Huh?
A compress?
Don't tell me...
Are you okay?
I'm fine. I just choked a little.
I'm really sorry, okay?
You don't have to apologize, Yamada-san.
Old man cramps last for days, huh?
Forgive me, Sasaki-san.
I-It's okay!
It's all right, Yamada-san!
I'm so sorry.
Don't be! Please don't be!
Please stop apologizing!
No, I must apologize.
You haven't done anything wrong!
Translation: Sriram Gurunathan
Editing & Typesetting: Geoff Mazzolini
Subtitle Timing: Krzysztof Kunc
Quality Check: Zachary Carlysle
Translation Check: Sho Stifler